Support "or" in uplinks (#91)
bmw-software-engineering/lobster: CHANGELOG.md

## Changelog

### 1.0.0-dev

> * The `lobster-report` tool now supports optional "OR" in uplinks (`trace to`). In 
>   the `lobster.config` file the keyword `requires` has been changed to `trace from`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The behavior of `trace to` and `requires` in the configuration of `lobster-report` has been changed.
  `trace to` no longer adds an implicit condition in the reverse direction.
  All trace conditions have to be specified explicitly.
  The reverse direction can be specified with `trace from`.
  The keyword `requires` is no longer supported.
```
